Display cluster from layer (#57)
teritorio/maplibre-gl-uncluster: README.md

# MapLibre GL Teritorio Cluster

Enhance MapLibre GL JS with fully interactive HTML-based clusters and markers.

**Features:**
- 🧱 Renders MapLibre GL JS clusters as HTML elements.
- 📌 Displays a pinned marker when a feature is clicked.
- 🚫 Unfolded small clusters to avoid requiring zoom or manual ungrouping.

**3 Cluster States:**
- Cluster Marker: A single marker representing a cluster, eg. displaying the number of features.
- Unfolded Cluster: Displays individual features grouped from a small cluster or when at the highest zoom level.
-  Unclustered Features

**Customization Callbacks:**
- Custom function to render cluster.
- Custom function to render individual markers.
- Custom function to render unfolded cluster.

---
## Demo

👉 [**Live Demo**](https://teritorio.github.io/maplibre-gl-teritorio-cluster/index.html)

![Demo screenshot](public/image.png)

> ## Installation

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Installation
```

| `markerSize`               | `number`                      | `24`                         | Pixel size of rendered markers.                                |
| `unfoldedClusterRender`    | `(features) => HTMLElement[]` | `unfoldedClusterRenderSmart` | Custom function to render unfolded cluster.                    |
| `unfoldedClusterMaxLeaves` | `number`                      | `7`                          | Maximum number of features to show when a cluster is unfolded. |
| `fitBoundsOptions`         | `mapboxgl.FitBoundsOptions`   | `{ padding: 20 }`            | Options for [fitBounds](https://maplibre.org/maplibre-gl-js/docs/API/classes/Map/#fitbounds) method                              |
| `initialFeature`           | `GeoJSONFeature \| undefined` | `undefined`                  | Feature to auto-select on load.                                |
| `pinMarkerRender`          | `(feature) => HTMLElement`    | `pinMarkerRenderDefault`     | Custom renderer for the pinned marker.                         |

##### unfoldedClusterRender
The following rendering function are at your disposal:
- `unfoldedClusterRenderCircle`: Renders an unfolded cluster in a circular shape.

> - `unfoldedClusterRenderHexaGrid`: Renders an unfolded cluster in a hexagonal grid shape.
> - `unfoldedClusterRenderGrid`: Renders an unfolded cluster in a grid shape.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `unfoldedClusterRenderHexaGrid`: Renders an unfolded cluster in a hexagonal grid spiral.
- `unfoldedClusterRenderGrid`: Renders an unfolded cluster in a square grid.
```
